After the prince’s mother-in-law, Empress Yunfei, was thrown into the cold palace
The prince was tricked and deceived by his father one winter.
The young prince was pushed to get married.
It was the Crown Princess who saved him
It must be difficult for him to be reasonable. How old should he be?
How is it possible to save people?
The prince has no merit and has a high wall
Afraid of water
I guess color is the hardest thing for Qingyi to change.
I'm going to find someone to eat you. I'll come back to save people. Quickly save people.
because of a misunderstanding
Make her very active
If I could have seen her at that time, it would definitely be
Won't die either
But you have to know what your life will do to you
Just do your thing
are you okay